README.md, before:

# Defeating User Built Dungeon
 Godot text-based roguelike where you supply the levels.
 [Play on itch](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon)

![Banner Fifth Version, A Dungeon with many rats](.//v0.7-alpha-screen4.png)

## Current Version v0.12.2-alpha
Added fireable projectiles for player.

## Made For
[r/roguelikedev](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikedev/)'s 2021 Run of the [Complete Roguelike Tutorial](http://rogueliketutorials.com/)

## Project Goal
Make a 'moddable' roguelike in Godot.

## Making a Map
For a map to be accepted, it must be the same width in characters (subject to change.) Important characters are '#' for walls, '@' for you player, and '>' to proceed to next level. More characters are hoped to be added later. Currently 'Y', 'D', 'r', and 'X' all have a use.

## How to Contribute
This is mainly a personal learning project, so create issues, enter discussion, or make your own fork.

### Links
[Itch.io](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon) |
[Week 2 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/272748/start-building-a-roguelike-week-2) |
[Week 3 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/273907/adding-user-elements-week-3) |
[Week 3 Vlog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiqjGCzRHuk) |
[Week 4 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/277661/moving-the-badguy-week-4) |
[Week 5 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/278679/items-are-the-spice-of-life-week-5)

Commit message:

v0.15 Music and Looking
- Cellular Automata Music
- Look Command "K"

README.md, after:

# Defeating User Built Dungeon
 Godot text-based roguelike where you supply the levels.
 [Play on itch](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon)

![Banner Fifth Version, A Dungeon with many rats](.//v0.7-alpha-screen4.png)

## Current Version v0.15-alpha
Rudimentary music and looking around with "K".

## Made For
[r/roguelikedev](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikedev/)'s 2021 Run of the [Complete Roguelike Tutorial](http://rogueliketutorials.com/)

## Project Goal
Make a 'moddable' roguelike in Godot.

## Making a Map
Important characters are '#' for walls, '@' for you player, and '>' to proceed to next level. More characters are hoped to be added later. Currently 'Y', 'D', 'r', and 'X' all have a use.

## How to Contribute
This is mainly a personal learning project, so create issues, enter discussion, or make your own fork.

### Links
[Itch.io](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon) |
[Week 2 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/272748/start-building-a-roguelike-week-2) |
[Week 3 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/273907/adding-user-elements-week-3) |
[Week 3 Vlog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiqjGCzRHuk) |
[Week 4 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/277661/moving-the-badguy-week-4) |
[Week 5 Devlog](https://kaizarnike.itch.io/defeating-user-built-dungeon/devlog/278679/items-are-the-spice-of-life-week-5)
